good morning guys it's not morning it's
417 and it's a long time it is I'm just
long right now he's lolling so hard
because he had an accident in zombies
but you know what that's pretty cool so
today I was going to film the past few
days but I just didn't because I'm lazy
but snowing right now um can you see it
can you see it can you see it it looks
cool from the human eye but from the
camera I it's hard to see but it's sound
pretty hard and it's accumulating so I'm
gonna go sledding tonight find something
to use as a but ok so i went home
over the weekend and i got a phone
upgrade which if you follow me on
twitter you ready know this and if you
don't follow me on twitter probably yeah
I mean yeah so we upgraded to this so
this is iphone 5 and iphone 6 plus and
it's just a little bit bigger I'm not
like a super huge metal bigger but yeah
so we now have this I put a case on it
because it's honestly it's too thin
without a case and I feel like I'm going
to snap it it just feels better with a
case on it which is weird because this
foam did not feel good with the case on
it at all that this one feels great with
a case on it and now I have touch ID so
i don't have to swipe anymore and i can
actually lock my phone now but that's
pretty cool got a wood case because yolo
in a box phone later promotion going on
where i saved twenty dollars so it from
306 blossom for expensive buzz three
hundred dollars from phone and then this
is a 100-dollar portable speaker in here
this is the case it's in um but they had
promotion going on where i saved twenty
bucks off the phone so total 284 that
and then this freeze did the speaker
came for you so that's pretty cool and
then I got that phone case that a screen
protector because I don't trust myself
because look at that crack in that phone
and then I put a screw protector over it
that was pretty cool fun weekend with
the fam
you know we watch Christmas movies I
bought spree candy canes because they
were on sale because it's Christmas time
oh that was scary but yeah I wrote two
papers today people are going to the
co-rec right now to do something I don't
know why because there's a basketball
game going on so everyone on campus
should be at that but not everyone is
but it's snowing so let's go with fun
fact of the day fun fact of the day is
that I'll have to tell this story of
getting this phone and a in a in a later
time because it's a really really long
story I wouldn't tell like four
different stores and then I went back to
the first one and then they had it and I
that point I didn't care what color and
they had the color I wanted which was
the black one the space gray which is
stupid but I was tired of a white phone
wanted blacks and I've got black and it
looks pretty sweet its massive and its
board away so guys classic steel style
I've heard out from Russell today is now
eleven o'clock which watch some football
we expand Express ate some dairy queen
walked in the snow clapped in the circle
you know we did some cool stuff you can
use your imagination on all those things
but since it's the end of the video we
gotta have a fun question of the day
question of the day today is what do you
think his hat is made out of so they
examine the hat and did you leave your
answer in the comment to the question of
the day um I'll see you guys next time
sorry for the sort of odd but you know
sometimes gonna happen but we got a busy
week this week he goes away for like two
weeks he won't see him forever um cuz
he's like I don't want to be in the vlog
anymore and I was like okay so see it
goes but yeah and then hibernation
hibernation and then I go away on
thursday to Ohio for an invite so
that'll be fun we're actually competing
10 meter for the personal columns I'm
pretty nervous because I haven't really
done all my dice since the world cup so
that we really wanted an exciting but
his love of cargoes was required because
White House prescriber there's two free
mcdoubles right there um it and I will
see you as hell let's just threw up so
I was that really hurt okay i'll see you
guys next time a garage me of your new
be sure to subscribe because i'm here
all the time but sometimes i'm not here
during the day but sometimes damn you're
doing today so i'm gonna do laundry
before i leave for ohio because i need
to and then after that I go home for
Thanksgiving break and we're gonna do
some fun things with that like my
friends and I were gonna go film a
couple Christmas videos or something I
don't really know um cuz we don't even
know but it's still it's not really
snowing out but there's snow on the
ground and it's heck of reasons so i'll
see you guys from all these were a
little
subscribe